---
date: 2022-04-21
description: "We hope to see you there!"
title: "DPSN Launch at CPDP 2022"
disable_share: true
---

After [its first online meet-up in January 2022 on International Data Protection Day](https://dataprotectionscholars.network/post/data-protection-day-event/) that brought together more than 150 data protection law scholars from all over the world, the Data Protection Law Scholars Network (DPSN) will have [its official launch in-person at CPDP2022](https://www.cpdpconferences.org/events/dpsn-launch-at-cpdp2022) on Monday 23 May 2022, 19:00-20:00 BXL time at Maison des Arts (Chau. de Haecht 147, 1030 Schaerbeek)! Drinks and some fingerfood will be provided.

**At this event, you can expect to meet our members, including many of its Steering and Management Committee members, and network with fellow data 
protection scholars in an informal setting, as well as engage in an open discussion about what such a network can do for members in order to facilitate 
their work in the field of data protection.**

**CPDP participants who wish to join the event do not need to register.**

**The event is also open to non-CPDP ticket holders! In that case, you are asked to register to the event by sending an email to dpsn[at]posteo.de, indicating your full name and professional affiliation. Once your registation is confirmed, you will receive back an email with useful information. We kindly ask you to send your registration email before 19 May 2022.**

The DPSN is a network that aims at facilitating academic exchanges between international researchers working in the field of data protection law, 
in Europe and beyond. Open to all researchers, it focuses on supporting exchanges between early-stage academics from all over Europe; encouraging 
diversity; advancing the bridges between data protection scholarship of all continents; promoting the study of data protection law in Europe and beyond.
